Autotuning System
ISSUES.txt - Basic issue tracking and TODO list.



MORE ERROR CHECKING EVERYWHERE


Why is the self-demonstration so slow? This is since the move to Evaluators 
from evaluation functions. (see below)


Clean up implementation of test_evaluations.py. generateEvalFunc() should be 
incorporated into FuncEvaluator (which might be renamed).


Make gnuplot output cleverer when choosing the positions of xtics. Currently 
they are placed every 5 tests, no matter how many there are.


Check which settings in the conf file are affected by line breaks and in what 
way. Document or fix.


Add compiler flag testing to the matrix multiply example. This would make it a 
better demonstration of the system.


Allow the tree printer to use the proper box-drawing characters.
UPDATE: Added this as an option, but need to test if they can be displayed 
before it can be used. Currently the setting is hardcoded in vartree.py


Be clear whether the list of vars comes from the VarTree or from possValues in 
various places. The VarTree is the definitive source.


Offer the option of running only a single test, to check that everything is 
working correctly.
UPDATE: We decided a better idea would be to simply quit (which is now more 
    graceful) or only specify one possibility in the conf file, in which case 
    the documentation should include this tip.


Propose that 'optimal' can choose between 'min_time' and 'min_custom' or 
something similar (min_score, min_measurement, ...?). 'min' is the obvious 
choice at the moment, but doesn't do what you'll most likely want.


The system seems to sometimes (not always) run some extra tests for the 
additional parameter importance information which are not needed. Seen when 
tuning the 'hello' example, which shouldn't require any extra tests, but 
sometimes seems to run some (tested on the laptop).


Update documentation to use the following method of running the tuner:
~/Autotuning/autotune
NOT:
../../autotune
../../tuner/tune.py
This should be the same for the utilities as well:
~/Autotuning/utlities/output_gnuplot.py


Some Ideas for the tutorial:
Nicer, more friendly stylesheet.
What is the "what you'l need" section typically called?
Better implementation of the grey terminal listing boxes.
Include an example of using a custom FOM with the matrix multiply example.


